hey everyone welcome back to my channel
I was just about to crack open a brand
new foundation and use it on my face but
then I was like you know what I should
really record a first impressions on
this as you can see of my eye makeup
done my eyebrows on eyeliner but my skin
looks really at the moment and this
is the Estee Lauder Double Wear maximum
cover foundation in the color creamy
ivory I got this when I was in Orlando
in September and I got in a CCO in one
of the Premium Outlets and don't know if
the color is going to match me but we'll
try make it work as you can see my skin
is fairly crappy at the moment my nose
is really red because it's really cold
and I'm just all-around unattractive at
the moment so we're going to see if this
can cover all of this up so as you can
see I'm cracking this open and from what
I believe you need only the tiniest
little bit of this okay so it's really
really thick that's not going anywhere I
am actually going to use an elf powder
brush to apply this which is the flat
top it's completely clean and all I have
on my skin at the moment is my Olay
beauty fluid as moisturizer so we're
just going to do maybe this half of my
face to see how we go kind of scared
okay
that is fairly heavy coverage
holy moly
so this has provided me with like the
most amazing coverage ever from the
tiniest amount I was expecting this to
feel really really cakey and thick on
the skin but it doesn't feel thick at
all it actually feels really nice there
is a faint scent which is like a makeup
scent
the color is a little bit too dark for
me but that's nothing new most colors
are too dark for me and I'm really
impressed I'm going to zoom in so you
can see there's the bad side
that is striking
so now I'm going to apply the rest of my
face so that is my entire face done you
can kind of see how it's too dark for my
neck but I'm going to wearing a scarf
today anyway so we're not gonna be able
to see that I will say it's kind of one
of those foundations you have to work
with quickly because it dried quite
quickly on my hand like as you can do
that that's way too dark it dries really
quickly on my hand like that's going
nowhere I had to put the tiniest extra
dosh onto my hand from the bottle but if
I'd worked quickly err quickly more
quickly I would have been able to use
just that amount for my whole face I
know it was way too much but this is
actually really hard to get off with a
baby wipe so I believe this claims to be
like fairly bulletproof foundations so
I'm going to just apply the rest of my
makeup and I'll be back in well just
like half a second okay so I'm back and
I have all my face on
I don't usually apply powder products on
top of just foundation I usually powder
all over my foundations before applying
how to runs our powder blush etcetera
but it actually went on really nicely
and yes so I'm quite impressed with this
so far it is now
ten thirty nine in the morning so I'll
check back in a few hours
hey guys just checking back in it is now
13 4 th so it's been about three almost
three and a half hours so I'm just going
to check the foundation in this Sam
mirror it looks good it looks good I do
notice some shine starting in my
forehead you can probably yeah you can
see it there
besides my nose I think it might be
starting to get oily but it's not oily
yet and my chin is not oily however
coverage has diminished a little kind of
all around my chin area now I wasn't
touching my chin but I was wearing a
massive thick chunky scarf which may
have rubbed it off that would explain
that coverage elsewhere has remained
really well um my blush is still there
which is a sign of a good foundation and
so far I'm impressed and I don't feel
any tingles meaning breakouts so so far
and I'm happy but I will check in again
at the end of the evening ok so I'm back
and unfortunately I have to wrap up this
video now because I am losing the light
and it's only 1608 but because I'm
running out of like quick day it's going
to be gone in the next 15-20 minutes so
I'm going to wrap it up now okay I'm
just going to take a mirror well there
was really no need for a mirror I could
contact outer space with that forehead
so okay my forehead is still very shiny
it's shinier than it was before
and I'm getting shiny around here but
all in all I think it looks okay I
reckon if I'd used maybe a setting spray
and or powder it might have made a
difference I'm gonna zoom you in just so
you can see blush is still there so
that's pretty bad as you can see my chin
is really cracked looking so in essence
this foundation I will continue to use
it but I'm going to use it with powder
next time and see how that goes my tips
would be to powder it if you have oily
skin I reckon it could be okay for dry
skin I would also use a palette to apply
it on because applying it in the back of
my hand meant I wasted a lot of product
because my hands soaked up quite a bit
of it other than that um that's all the
tips I give because I haven't much
experience with it but I'd say all in
all I give it maybe in seven and a half
after ten thanks so much for watching
talk to you soon bye
stormy